BXMSDOC-8323 Adding support to switch to Elytron security subsystem (#14)
briandooley/kie-docs: doc-content/enterprise-only/installation/patches-applying-proc.adoc

====
You can remove the `/tmp/rhbaMavenRepoUpdate` folder after you complete the update.
====

> . If you are changing {PRODUCT} from using property-based user storage to file-based user storage, apply these file updates and configuration updates. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. If you are changing {PRODUCT} from using property-based user storage to file-based user storage, complete the following steps:
```

+

> Navigate to the temporary directory where you extracted the `{PRODUCT_INIT}-$VERSION-update.zip` file and run the `kie-fs-realm-patch` script in the following format:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. Navigate to the directory where you extracted the `{PRODUCT_INIT}-$VERSION-update.zip` file and run one of the following commands to apply the `kie-fs-realm` patch:
```

+

> On Linux or Unix-based systems:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* On Linux or Unix-based systems:
```

+
[source,subs="attributes+"]
----
$ ./elytron/kie-fs-realm-patch.sh ~/$JBOSS_HOME/standalone/configuration/kie-fs-realm-users/
----
+

> On Windows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* On Windows:
```

+
[source,subs="attributes+"]
----
$ ./elytron/kie-fs-realm-patch.bat $JBOSS_HOME/standalone/configuration/kie-fs-realm-users/
----
+

> Navigate to the `$JBOSS_HOME` directory and run the following commands:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. Navigate to the `$JBOSS_HOME` directory and run the following commands:
```

+

> On Linux or Unix-based systems:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* On Linux or Unix-based systems:
```

+
[source,subs="attributes+"]
----
./bin/standalone.sh --admin-only -c standalone-full.xml
----
+
[source,subs="attributes+"]
----
./bin/jboss-cli.sh --connect --file={PRODUCT_INIT}-$VERSION-update/rhpam-7.12.0-update/elytron/add-kie-fs-realm.cli
----
+

> On Windows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* On Windows:
```
